Blister:
THIS IS THE PLACE, YUSEI.
YOU'LL BE SAFE HERE
UNTIL THE FORTUNE CUP.
NOT QUITE 5 STARS,
BUT IT'S GOT ALL
THE CREATURE COMFORTS
YOU WOULD EXPECT
FOR THIS PART OF TOWN...
COCKROACHES, MICE,
STRAY CAT.
THANKS, I THINK.
I DECORATED
THE PLACE MYSELF.
HMM.
NOW GET SOME REST.
YOU STILL HAVEN'T
RECOVERED FROM
THAT FALL YOU TOOK,
AND IF YOU PLAN ON
DUELING AND WINNING
THE FORTUNE CUP,
YOU'LL NEED
A CLEAR HEAD.
I'LL REST, BLISTER,
WHEN MY FRIENDS ARE SAFE.
I HEAR YOU, YUSEI,
BUT YOU'RE NO GOOD TO ANYBODY
IF YOU DON'T HAVE
ALL YOUR STRENGTH.
DON'T WORRY.
I HEAL REAL QUICK...
[THINKING] AND I 'M GONNA SHOW
GOODWIN JUST HOW GOOD I FEEL.
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Leo: HE'S GONE.
NO, NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO, NO!
THE TOOTH FAIRY
FORGET YOU AGAIN?
LUNA, HE TOOK
HIS RUNNER AND LEFT.
WELL, DID HE LEAVE
A NOTE OR SOMETHING?
NO.
HUH?
THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT.
YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN NICER.
HE WAS GOING TO TEACH ME
TO BE THE BEST DUELIST EVER.
WILL YOU CALM DOWN?
LOOK AT THESE.
OH, WHAT DID HE
DO TO THEM?
IT FITS NOW.
SO, HOW DOES
IT LOOK, LUNA?
PRETTY GOOD.
NOW I JUST WISH
WE KNEW WHO HE WAS
SO WE COULD THANK HIM.
WELL, IT'S HIS OWN FAULT
FOR NOT TELLING US HIS NAME.
I MEAN, HE HAD AMNESIA.
WE HELPED HIM.
IF HE WANTED A THANK YOU,
HE WOULD HAVE STAYED.
I GUESS SO,
BUT WHY NO GOOD-BYE?
MAYBE HE WANDERS
THE CITY STREETS
AND HELPS OUT
STRUGGLING DUELISTS,
KIND OF LIKE A KNIGHT
IN SHINING ARMOR,
BUT WITH A DECK.
A KNIGHT?
SOUNDS MORE LIKE
A SUPERHERO,
AND HIS NAME'S
SOME BIG SECRET.
HMM.
[RING]
HUH?
WHAT UP,
MY MAIN MAN?
DEXTER, GET THIS.
SOME GUY...
PAUSE. THERE'S
NO TIME FOR THAT.
I GOT US A LEAD.
A LEAD?
DUH.
THE BLACK ROSE?
COME ON, DEX.
THE BLACK ROSE IS JUST
SOME URBAN LEGEND.
YOU MISS ME,
DEXTER?
UH, NO. LISTEN.
THE BLACK ROSE
IS NO LEGEND.
SHE'S
THE MOST AMAZING
DUELIST EVER.
HER CARDS
COME ALIVE.
I KNOW
WHERE SHE IS,
AND I
REBUILT MY DECK
TO TAKE HER ON.
SO, WHERE IS SHE,
DEXTER?
I WAS SCANNIN'
SOME BLOGS EARLIER
THIS MORNING,
AND CHECK THIS OUT.
THERE'S A RUMOR GOING AROUND
SAYING SHE'S GOING TO POP UP
AT THE STREET DUELS
TODAY.
THEN LET'S GO.
LEO, HOW COME
YOUR DUEL DISK ISN'T
FALLING OFF ANYMORE?
RIGHT, SO THIS
SUPERHERO STOPS BY AND...
HE'S NOT A SUPERHERO,
DEXTER. HE'S A KNIGHT.
WHAT'RE YOU TWO
TALKING ABOUT?
WHO FIXED UP
YOUR DUEL DISK?
OK. THIS GUY'S
DUEL RUNNER IS RED AND...
LEO...
HUH?
UNTIL WE KNOW MORE
ABOUT THIS GUY,
MAYBE WE SHOULD KEEP
THIS BETWEEN US.
OK. GOOD POINT.
Dexter: HEY,
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
UH, NOTHING.
WE WERE JUST DISCUSSING
HOW MUCH WE REALLY LIKE
YOUR NEW BOW TIE.
LISTEN. WE GOT TO GO NOW.
SEE YA.
LISTEN.
THIS IS OUR SECRET.
HMM.
LUNA, YOU THINK
MR. AMNESIA MAN
FLIES OR HAS A JET PACK?
SO, WHAT EXACTLY DID
THAT PURPLE-HAIRED FREAK
SAY TO YOU ABOUT DUELING
IN THE FORTUNE CUP?
WELL, HMM...
IT'S NOT WHAT HE SAID,
BUT WHAT HE SHOWED ME.
HMM? HUH.
SO, THESE ARE
YOUR FRIENDS, HUH?
YEAH, AND IF I DON'T
SHOW UP TO THE FORTUNE CUP,
GOODWIN SAID
THEY'D PAY THE PRICE.
SOUNDS LIKE SOMETHING
GOODWIN WOULD DO.
IF IT'S NOT A BRIBE,
IT'S A THREAT.
YOUR FRIENDS
ARE IN THE SATELLITE?
THEY ARE.
OH, MAN.
LISTEN. I WANNA
HELP YOU OUT.
HMM?
I'LL CHECK ON THEM
AND MAKE SURE
NOTHING BAD HAPPENS.
YOU CAN GET
TO THE SATELLITE?
I CAN GET
ANYWHERE, YUSEI.
NOW, DON'T WORRY.
YOU'LL BE BACK WITH
YOUR BUDS IN NO TIME.
[THINKING] THAT'S IF GOODWIN
EVER LETS ME SEE THEM AGAIN.
HOW'S YOUR TRAINING COMING ALONG
FOR THE FORTUNE CUP?
IF YOU MEAN SITTIN' ON
THE COUCH, JUST GREAT.
WELL, YOU MIGHT WANT
TO CHANGE YOUR ATTITUDE.
I INVITED AN ADDITIONAL
CONTESTANT THIS YEAR,
SOMEONE YOU KNOW.
WHO?
YOUR FRIEND FROM
THE SATELLITE... YUSEI FUDO.
HE'LL BE THERE?
I LIKE.
I'M GLAD.
I HOPED IT WOULD
MOTIVATE YOU.
WELL, I SHOULD
PROBABLY LET YOU
GET BACK TO YOUR,
UH, TRAINING REGIMEN.
I'LL SHOW MYSELF OUT,
AND, JACK, MAKE SURE
YOU WIN THIS TIME, OK?
DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT THIS MEANS, MINA?
UM...
I CAN FINALLY
TAKE ON YUSEI AGAIN.
AND THAT'S A GOOD THING,
ISN'T IT?
IT'S SO MUCH MORE
THAN THAT.
IT'S A CHANCE.
A CHANCE FOR WHAT
MR. ATLAS?
A CHANCE
TO REDEEM MYSELF.
I UNDERESTIMATED YUSEI
IN OUR LAST MATCH,
BUT THIS TIME,
I'LL PROVE TO HIM
THAT I'M THE BEST.
HMPH.
WHAT?
LIKE, RIGHT NOW?
I'M JUST GOING
TO GO AND EVEN UP
THE PLAYING FIELD
SO THAT YUSEI
DEFINITELY SHOWS UP,
AND IF I'M RIGHT
ABOUT THIS,
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
JUST MIGHT SHOW UP
AT THE FORTUNE CUP,
AS WELL.
[GASPS]
Tanner: STOP HERE.
OH! MY BACK.
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING... ♪
[ENGINE STARTS]
AAH!
TURN THAT OFF.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
YUSEI,
IT'S ME... YANAGI.
YUSE,
NICE PLACE.
YOU'RE OUT?
AND IT'S ALL
THANKS TO YOU.
WHEN YOU OUTDUELED
CHIEF ARMSTRONG,
WE DIDN'T JUST
GET EARLY RELEASE.
WE GOT WAY
EARLY RELEASE,
SO WE HEADED
RIGHT OVER TO, UM,
THIS INTERESTING...
THIS PLACE IS A DUMP.
WHY DON'T YOU
GET A THROW RUG AND WORK
SOME FENG SHUI IN HERE?
TANNER, YOU SAID
YOU'D BE NICE.
THAT WAS NICE.
I'M LIKIN'
THE DUEL RUNNER, THOUGH...
TWIN EXHAUST,
TURBO ROTOR,
HOLO DISPLAY,
AND YOUR OWN DECK.
BET YOU WISH YOU HAD THAT
BACK IN THE FACILITY.
WHAT DO YOU SAY YOU LET ME
TAKE IT FOR A LITTLE RIDE
AND SEE WHAT SHE'S GOT?
I'LL BRING IT BACK
WITH A FULL CHARGE
AND NOT ONE SCRATCH.
YEAH, RIGHT.
YOU MEAN LIKE
YOUR LAST RUNNER?
HOW ABOUT WE DUEL?
I WIN, I TAKE HER
FOR A QUICK SPIN, OK?
AAH! I GOT
TO SEE THIS.
HMM.
SO, WHAT'S
YOUR STORY?
I BET YOU DIDN'T KNOW
I'M A FAMOUS EXPLORER
WHO'S GONE
AROUND THE WORLD
COLLECTING THE MOST AMAZING
CARDS EVER MADE.
BUT TANNER SAID THAT
YOUR DECK'S JUST A JOKE.
HE WHAT? HE DID NOT.
JUST TAKE A LOOK
FOR YOURSELF.
I'VE GOT CRYSTAL SKULL,
ASHOKA PILLAR...
OK. GRANDPA.
[THINKING] WHERE DO YOU
FIND THESE GUYS, YUSEI?
AN EX-CHAMP YOU MET
IN THE FACILITY?
HE WENT FROM FOE TO FRIEND
IN ONE DUEL.
THEN THERE OLD GRANDPA,
AND HE THINKS YOU'RE TIED
TO SOME ANCIENT PROPHECY
ABOUT THE END OF THE WORLD.
HA! YOU'RE ONE OF A KIND,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
LET'S DUEL.
HUH?
HMM.
HMM?
HEY, JACK.
UH-OH.
HUH?
UH...
HMPH.
UH-OH. WHY IS
JACK ATLAS HERE?
LESSONS?
CAREFUL.
HUH?
UH...
HUH!
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME,
ATLAS.
WHAT'S UP?
MY CAREER,
THANK YOU.
RRGH! HMM.
WHAT BRINGS YOU
HERE, JACK?
OH.
[THINKING] I WONDER
IF THAT'S AN ANCIENT RELIC.
I HEARD YOU'LL BE
AT THE FORTUNE CUP.
WORD GETS
AROUND FAST.
I GOT A DEAL
FOR YOU, YUSEI,
FOR YOUR
STARDUST DRAGON.
HMM.
YOU ADD IT
TO YOUR DECK.
WIN, AND THEN YOU
CAN KEEP THE CARD.
I WIN, I GET IT,
AND THEN YOU AND ME
ARE STRAIGHT, RIGHT?
STRAIGHT? WHAT
ABOUT MY FRIENDS?
WHAT? WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOUR PURPLE-HAIRED PAL
LAZAR STOPPED BY,
AND IF I DON'T DUEL,
THEY PAY.
WHAT?
SURPRISED, JACK?
WELL, DON'T BE.
I KNOW GOODWIN'S
BEHIND ALL OF THIS,
AND I GUARANTEE,
HE'S GOING TO REGRET
PUTTING THIS SATELLITE'S
FRIENDS IN HARM'S WAY.
WELL, THEN YOU'LL
DEFINITELY NEED
YOUR STARDUST DRAGON
NOW, WON'T YOU?
AND JUST SO
WE'RE CLEAR,
I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT THIS THREAT, GOT IT?
I DUEL FOR ME.
GOODWIN HAS GOT
HIS OWN AGENDA.
SO, I GUESS I'LL SEE YOU
AT THE FORTUNE CUP, THEN,
OH, AND, YUSEI,
YOU HAD BETTER BRING
YOUR "A" GAME WITH YOU.
I WILL.
HMPH.
HMM.
HMM? OH...
I HAVE TO SEE
THAT CARD.
OH, IT'S TRUE.
THAT'S STARDUST DRAGON.
IT'S AMAZING.
THIS IS BIG STUFF.
YOU ARE A SIGNER.
HMM.
HMM, DON'T YOU SEE?
WITH THAT CARD, YOU MADE
THE CRIMSON DRAGON APPEAR.
BUT JACK
WAS THERE, TOO.
THEN THAT MUST MEAN
YOU'RE BOTH SIGNERS.
YOU TWO ARE CONNECTED.
[THINKING] BUT WHAT
DOES IT ALL MEAN?
[THINKING]
SO, YUSEI'S GOT A NEW CREW.
HMPH, NOT MUCH OF A TRADE UP.
HE PROBABLY STILL THINKS
THAT STARDUST DRAGON
IS JUST A RARE CARD
WITH A PRETTY PIC.
THIS GAME ISN'T ABOUT CARDS
ANYMORE, YUSEI.
IT'S NOT ABOUT RECORDS
OR SPEED OR ANYTHING.
IT'S ABOUT THE END OF THE WORLD,
AND YOU CAN BET,
I'M GOING' BE THE ONE
TO MAKE SURE IT DOESN'T HAPPEN.
EVEN NOW, THE DRAGON STAR'S
POWER GROWS.
IT KNOWS OUR QUEST
TO GATHER ALL THE SIGNERS
IS ON THE VERGE OF SUCCESS.
YOU ARE MY LOYAL SERVANTS
OF ILIASTER.
YOUR MISSION IS
TO EXPOSE THOSE PEOPLE
WHO POSSESS THE MARK
OF THE DRAGON.
YOU MUST PUSH THEM
TO THEIR LIMITS,
EXHAUST THEIR SKILLS,
STIR THEIR EMOTIONS.
NOW GO
AND DO NOT FAIL ME.
SOON, ALL THE PIECES
WILL BE IN PLACE ONCE AGAIN,
AND YOUR POWER
SHALL RULE THE WORLD.
I'LL SEE YOU
AT THE DOCKS.
AAH!
TRY HARDER
NEXT TIME.
IS THAT
JOEY WHEELER?
NO, MAN,
IT'S HIS COUSIN
JESSE WHEELER.
YUSEI...
HMM?
GOOD NEWS.
I FOUND A WORK BOAT
THAT'LL TAKE ME
TO THE SATELLITE
TONIGHT.
A WORK BOAT?
DON'T
THOSE THINGS
JUST CARRY
TRASH
AND DISEASE?
IF YOU'RE LUCKY.
THIS AIN'T SOME
PLEASURE CRUISE.
IT'S TO CHECK ON
YUSEI'S FRIENDS,
THEY MAY BE IN
TROUBLE, GRANDPA.
SEE, YUSEI'S GOT
MUCH BIGGER THINGS
TO WORRY ABOUT.
LIKE
THE FORTUNE CUP?
HEY, OUR BOY'LL
CLEAN 'EM UP.
THERE'S A LOT MORE
AT STAKE HERE
THAN JUST
THE TOURNAMENT,
BOLT.
GOODWIN AND ATLAS
FORCED YUSEI
TO DUEL.
IF THEY'RE INVOLVED,
SOMETHING BAD'S
GOING ON.
Yanagi: LIKE
THE END OF
THE WORLD.
EVERYONE
IN NEW DOMINO...
MARKER OR NOT,
SATELLITE
OR CITIZEN...
ALL OUR FATES ARE
TIED TO THE SIGNERS,
TO YUSEI.
I'M NOT SURE
I BELIEVE THAT,
BUT JUST IN CASE,
WHY DON'T YOU WIN
FOR THE SAKE OF
ALL OF HUMANITY, OK?
SURE. HMM?
Leo:
MISTER.
HEY, MISTER, HAVE YOU
SEEN THE BLACK ROSE?
NAH. DON'T YOU KNOW
SHE DON'T EXIST?
MAYBE SHE'S
DUELING ONE OF YOUR
IMAGINARY FRIENDS.
MAYBE SHE DOESN'T
EXIST, DEX.
WELL, I KNOW
THE BLOGS DON'T LIE.
SHE'LL BE HERE.
I JUST KNOW IT.
YOU SURE?
I MEAN, DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHO SHE REALLY IS?
WELL, SHE BETTER SHOW UP
'CAUSE MY DECK
IS READY FOR HER.
WELL, DEX, WE'VE LOOKED
FOR BLACK ROSE ALL DAY.
MAYBE WE SHOULD
GO HOME.
HUH?
"GO HOME"?
BLACK ROSE
IS THE GREATEST
DUELIST EVER.
THEY SAY HER CARDS
MAKE REAL MONSTERS.
HER SPELLS ARE LIKE
REAL SPELLS,
AND HER TRAPS
ARE LIKE...
LEMME GUESS...
REAL TRAPS?
IF YOU DON'T WANNA
HELP ME, THEN FINE,
BUT I'M STAYIN'
RIGHT HERE,
GOT THAT?
DON'T CRY, DEXTER.
I'LL STAY.
I DON'T CRY!
Yusei: LEO,
WHAT'S UP?
LOOK! OVER HERE.
DEXTER, LOOK.
IT'S THE SUPERHERO
WHO FIXED ME AND
MY SISTER'S DUEL DISKS.
HE'S A SUPERHERO?
UGH!
SO, WHAT'S UP?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE, LEO?
THIS IS
A DANGEROUS PLACE
FOR LITTLE KIDS.
WHERE'S YOUR SISTER?
SHE DIDN'T
WANT TO COME.
OH! LEO,
I DON'T THINK
THIS GUY'S A SUPERHERO.
CHECK HIS FACE.
THAT'S HIS SECRET IDENTITY.
WHAT'RE YOU
DOIN' HERE?
WE'VE BEEN LOOKING AROUND
FOR THE BLACK ROSE.
OH. HE HELPED ME
GET MY MEMORY BACK.
HE'S COOL.
YES. I'M COOL,
AND THIS GUY'S MY
BEST FRIEND DEXTER.
UM, HELLO.
THAT GUY'S THE BEST.
HE'S GOT THIS COMBO
THAT'S LIKE WHOA!
YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY
DUEL HIM.
OH, MAYBE
SOME OTHER TIME.
OH, LOOK AT THAT.
HA HA HA!
HEY, THAT'S AN INVITATION
TO DUEL AT THE FORTUNE CUP.
YOU'LL BE THERE, TOO?
UH-HUH.
♪ I GET TO DUEL YOU,
I GET TO DUEL YOU ♪
BUT THIS TIME,
YOU'RE GOING DOWN, TOO.
MAYBE IF I WIN,
HE'LL MAKE ME HIS SIDEKICK
LIKE IN ALL
THOSE COMIC BOOKS.
COOL, HUH?
YEAH.
UGH!
IT'S OK.
I'LL LET YOU WIN.
WHAT'S WRONG?
IT HURTS
JUST LIKE BEFORE.
"BEFORE"?
WHEN IT FIRST APPEARED...
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
[RUMBLING]
LET'S GO.
WAIT.
SOMETHING'S HAPPENING.
GET OUTTA HERE!
IT'S BLACK ROSE.
THERE IS NO
BLACK ROSE.
AAGH!
B-BLACK ROSE?
SHE'S JUST A MYTH.
OH, YEAH?
THERE'S A REASONABLE
EXPLANATION HERE.
[THINKING]
WHAT GOING ON?
WAAH! UH!
HWAGH!
AAH!
WHAT IS THAT?
[ROAR]
WHOSE DRAGON
IS THAT?
HRGH!
MY MARK.
OH, MY!
THAT'S NO TATTOO.
YOU'RE RIGHT,
TANNER.
IT IS THE MARK
OF THE DRAGON.
MARK OF THE DRAGON.
UHH... AAH!
UH... UH...
[ALL MOANING]
HUH?
[ROAR]
THE BLACK ROSE
IS REAL.
UHH...
WAIT! COME BACK!
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS,
EVEN FOR A SUPERHERO.
HUH?
BLACK ROSE?
I THINK, BUT BE
CAREFUL. OOH.
OK, SO SHE'S
NOT MADE UP.
NOW WHAT,
GRANDPA?
I DON'T
KNOW.
[GASPS]
YOUR ARM.
YOU ALSO HAVE A MARK.
HUH?
OH!
I DO.
STAY AWAY FROM ME.
UHH!
UH!
[ALL MOANING]
HUH?
SHE'S GONE.
AMAZING.
THAT'S WHAT
I CALL AN EXIT
FOR THE AGES.
WHAT DO YOU
THINK HER ENCORE
LOOKS LIKE?
WE FOUND HER.
THE BLACK ROSE IS REAL.
THAT WAS
SO AWESOME.
[MOANING]
THE BLACK ROSE SAID
YOU ALSO HAD A MARK.
WHAT DID SHE
MEAN BY THAT?
OH! WHERE'D IT GO?
VANISHED,
LIKE MAGIC.
I KNOW. I HAVE TO FIND
THIS BLACK ROSE.
AFTER ALL, GUYS,
I NEED TO FIND OUT SOME ANSWERS.
AND YOU'LL GET THEM
IN DUE TIME.
HA HA HA!
[HURRIED FOOTSTEPS]
[PANTING]
THAT MARK.
WHY DID HE HAVE ONE?
[PANTING]
Lazar: DIRECTOR, ONE OF
THE SERVANTS OF ILIASTER
LED ME RIGHT TO HER.
I MADE SURE
THE BLACK ROSE
GOT THE INVITATION.
SHE'LL BE DUELING HERE
ALONG WITH YUSEI.
HA HA HA!
THEN ALL IS GOING
AS PLANNED.
SOON, THE CRIMSON DRAGON
WILL RISE...
AND YUSEI WILL FALL.